Solutions
1. Aggressive Node Module Cache Clearing (Most Recommended First Step):

This is the most effective way to deal with corrupted node_modules and cache issues.

Steps:

Navigate to your project's server directory:

Bash

cd server
Delete node_modules and package-lock.json (or yarn.lock):

Bash

rm -rf node_modules
rm -f package-lock.json  # If you use npm
rm -f yarn.lock          # If you use yarn (delete only one of these)
On Windows (if rm doesn't work):

PowerShell

Remove-Item -Recurse -Force node_modules
Remove-Item -Force package-lock.json
Remove-Item -Force yarn.lock
Clear the global npm cache:

Bash

npm cache clean --force
If you use Yarn:

Bash

yarn cache clean
Reinstall dependencies:

Bash

npm install
# OR
yarn install
Try running your clean-server.js command again:

Bash

node clean-server.js
Or from your original location:

Bash

cd .. # Go back to the parent directory if you cd'd into server
cd server && node clean-server.js
Explanation: This process ensures that:

No old, potentially corrupted node_modules are lingering.

Your package manager's cache is purged, forcing a fresh download of path-to-regexp and its dependencies.

A fresh package-lock.json (or yarn.lock) is generated, ensuring correct dependency tree resolution.

2. Check Node.js and npm/Yarn Versions:

Occasionally, issues can arise from incompatible Node.js or package manager versions, though your error message specifically points to path-to-regexp.

Check your Node.js version: node -v

Check your npm version: npm -v

Check your yarn version: yarn -v

If they are very old, consider updating them. Use NVM (Node Version Manager) for easier Node.js version management.

3. Investigate clean-server.js (Less Likely Given Error Message):

While the error points to path-to-regexp, it's worth a quick look at clean-server.js if the above steps don't work, just in case it's doing something highly unusual with dependency resolution or direct manipulation of node_modules. However, the error message explicitly states the problem is with path-to-regexp itself.

4. Check for Disk Space and Permissions:

Disk Space: Ensure you have enough free disk space. Installing node_modules can consume a significant amount.

Permissions: Make sure your user has write permissions to the project directory where node_modules is created.

If the problem persists after "Aggressive Node Module Cache Clearing":

This would be highly unusual. It might suggest:

A very specific and new bug with path-to-regexp or a sub-dependency that hasn't been widely reported (check their GitHub issues).

A severe system-level issue (though rare).

In summary, start with Solution 1 (Aggressive Node Module Cache Clearing). It resolves the vast majority of "corrupted dependency" issues in Node.js projects.